
SOME THINGS TO MENTION
----------------------

Have New Session Manager support

Have a standalone version that can take a project file as an argument - eg:  luvie myproject.json
  MAYBE add a "luvie -h" option in. For some reason getting the Fltk options again...

Double clicking on note label in drum pattern allows the instrument name to be enterred or modified.
            A drum can be saved later too.

In the pattern editor double click on the pattern name to edit.



TODO some videos to walk through the S/W
   - write some script notes as I'm testing and writing some music

Selecting instruments
---------------------
	Write some instructions about MSB/LSB and default program selection
	  'Program number' does NOT need to be set (uses current instrument). ("none" /= 0)
		NB my Yamaha Reface CS doesn't have banks or instruments at all.
	Consider adding an (info) icon to the application to explain this stuff.


To bridge between ALSA and Jack MIDI use:    a2jmidid -e  [I MAY build this in]

BPM vs "CPM"
============
Jack, probably LV2, and most DAWs arguably misuse BPM. What they really mean is "crochets per minute (CPM)". This is good is some ways, bad in some ways. The lacks of accuracy is regretable.

Luvie needs to be able to deal with other definitions of a beat (eg beat = dotted crotchet).
Thus in Luvie BPM is not CPM. An implication of this is you will see different values for 
BPM in Jack and Luvie when the song editor uses non-crotchet definitions of beat.

Beat definition in the Song Editor: its only really used to determine the length of bars and tempo
within the song editor. Patterns look after themselves. In time it COULD be used as 
the Jack master.

Beat definition in Loop Editor: it can't really act as transport master as the
   patterns can define different time signatures. Can't even send Jack a
   BPM as it really expects CPM and there can be multiple different CPMs at one time.
   If we want time master here - probably best to use settings from Song Master.
